2 to 2 with the athletic in the first half
very bad the goias second time
defeated against the posture more and made a
operation that took davi and put
eduardo sasha afternoon and ramón so with
that feature players
identical
it is difficult to play football the space
another setback may have been without the problem
the first time type is your
opinion
the first final stage of the confederation
they did not have the idea was the a
I'll talk now
the first thing is filming the rain
it was time to hold a meeting in your
opinion is better that anyone
ask who knows Diego was Diego
ridiculous and you let me tell you are you
that arrived and you can have it like this
began the period I treated thus the
ridiculous that took the week that the video
here inside
perhaps knowing that at the professional
respect that pays attention
I said you cogita to ask that your
work since the time came that you see
the staff then you do not talk like that
respect me
you respect me and I respect you
Pitico in your house on the street of your house
your opinion
I'll give my opinion, so stay
Silent debate with me then you leave.
From this interview, it's a joke.
lack of respect for damn this tension
You will have a year and a half here we do not
can do nothing with another supporter
It will depend on believing I want is
criticism to make a statement that the
support her
the question was not asked if it was so
How bad is your opinion?
It's certain, you do not listen to the opinion of the
people now it's time did not know
respect has come and you have been
very easy coffee arm difficult italy
it's hard besides you
for a year and a half I respected
all means of communication was
any place that invites me here you
Are you going to listen now and just want to leave?